spec/readme.md, before:

Iteration 3 did not provide an interaction pattern.

How did you approach designing this iteration? If you did not get to Iteration 3, reflect on how you think you would’ve approached the design and problem solving process.
    We started off by reading it over, and figuring out just HOW to start. James did a great job making a new class lib and spec files and started us down the road with the initial code method and testing.
If you had one more day to work on this project, what would you work on?
    Getting through iteration 3, then looking over all the classes and refactoring if needed,
    then trying iteration 4.

Describe the pairing techniques you used while working on this project. 
    We did a lot of group work time, via zoom and homeroom, we talked everyday in slack and wrote comments in the PR requests. We did a lot of driver/navigator working style

Describe how feedback was shared over the course of this project. 
    We again talked every day, either with doing the coding together or updating each other when we did something on our own. We did this via slack and comments on the pull requests. We also left commented out messages in the lib or spec files for further clarification of what we had done.

Commit message:

tidied up indentation and spacing in all ruby and spec files.  Added to and completed readme file.

spec/readme.md, after:

Iteration 3 did not provide an interaction pattern.

How did you approach designing this iteration? If you did not get to Iteration 3, reflect on how you think you would’ve approached the design and problem solving process.
    For the play of the game, our approach was to take it one step at a time.  Trying to visualize setting up and playing a real physical game.  Essentially, decide to play Battleship.  Open up the boards, place ships, and record shots back and forth until one persons ships have all been hit and sunk.
    
   
If you had one more day to work on this project, what would you work on?
    Aesthetics for sure.  Being able to spend more time researching different formatting methods and structure for ruby.  It would definetly improve the games terminal playability.  Also, having enough gas in the tank to look at iteration 4.

Describe the pairing techniques you used while working on this project. 
    We did a lot of group work time, via zoom and slack huddles. We talked everyday in slack and wrote comments in the PR requests. We did a lot of driver/navigator working style. We were lucky to have compatible scheduling to work together live for most of the project.  There was still solo work being merged and discussed, but the bulk was in person coopertive pairing.

Describe how feedback was shared over the course of this project. 
    We again talked every day, either with doing the coding together or updating each other when we did something on our own. We did this via slack and comments on the pull requests. We also left commented out messages in the lib or spec files for further clarification of what we had done.
